There's 100,000 streets in this city.
You don't need to know the route.
You give me a time and a place,
I give you a five-minute window.
Anything happens in that five minutes
and I'm yours.
No matter what.
Anything happens 3 minute either side
of that and you're on your own.
Do you understand?
Good.
And you won't be able to reach me
on this phone again.
Hey, there you are!
She's down there.
Plain Jane boring,
just like you asked for,
but I dropped in 300 horses
on the inside - she is going to fly!
You look like a zombie, kid.
You getting any sleep?
Can I offer you some Benzedrine,
Dexedrine, caffeine, nicotine?
Oh, you don't smoke. That's right.
Better off.
There she is!
Chevy Impala, the most popular car
in the state of California.
No one will be looking at you.
(Distant police sirens)
(Car radio) 19,000 Clipper fans on their
feet here at Staples Center, Los Angeles.
(Commentary continues)
(Gunshot)
(Alarm goes off)
(Police Radio crackles)
(Police radio) - Robert Victor 3...
- License 514, Robert Victor 3...
(Radio) They're making a strong line with
six minutes to go in the fourth quarter...
(Police radio) Copy.
(Radio) ...excitement and celebration
if they win tonight...
(Police radio crackles)
(Police radio) Code 30 ringer located
at 421 South Alameda.
(Police radio) Reports
of shots fired at Code 30.
(Alarm still ringing)
Come on.
Where the fuck is he? Come on.
(Police radio) Unit 5, what's your 20?
(Police radio) We are approximately
two minutes from that location.
(Distant police siren)
Come on, man. Where the hell are you?
Come on!
Come on, get in, get in, get in!
Go, go! Go!
(Police radio) All units
be advised. Possible
vehicle in question.
Late model silver Impala.
(Sports commentary continues on radio)
(Radio) Just four
minutes here on the clock
in this make-or-break
game for the Clippers.
(Commentary continues)
(Police radio) 1-Adam-3,
South Bay at Seventh, clear.
(Police radio) Roger, 1-Adam-3.
(Police radio) Requesting air unit support.
(Police radio) Dispatch, I got it.
(Police radio) Unit 5 to Dispatch,
heading eastbound on Sixth.
(Police radio) Copy that, Unit 5.
(Police radio) Base to Air 3.
Any sign of that silver Impala?
(Police radio) Air 3 to Base. Negative.
(Police radio) I have visual heading west
on Seventh Street Bridge.
(Police radio) Copy, Air 3.
(Police radio) Base, Air 3 here.
We've lost visual on suspect.
(Helicopter whirrs overhead)
(Police radio) Base to Air 3.
Possible gang shooting in progress.
(Police radio) Proceed immediately
to Washington and La Brea.
(Police radio) Roger, Dispatch. I'm out.
(Police radio) All
westbound units be advised,
(Police radio) suspect last seen
near Seventh Street and Santa Fe.
(Radio) ...they have not let up at all.
(Radio) All of a sudden, the Clippers
are grabbing all the rebounds.
(Radio) The Clippers have a chance
to take the lead.
(Radio) The fans are loving it.
They're on their feet.
(Radio) He breaks it up.
Last four possessions,
they've gone to Blake
Griffin on the block.
(Radio) Less than a minute to play...
(Police radio) Dispatch, this is 1-Adam-6.
(Police radio) Possible suspect
vehicle sighted at stop light. Stand by.
(Police radio) Roger, Unit 6.
(Engine revs, siren wails)
(Tires screech)
(Radio) Inbound to Baylis, takes a shot.
Blocked by Griffin! It's not gonna go!
(Radio) Griffin gets the rebound.
Time winding down.
(Radio) Four, three,
two, (Radio) one...
(Radio) The Los Angeles Clippers win
the ball game...
(Shouting and cheering)
(Police siren)
(Lift bell rings)
- What floor?
- Fourth. Thanks.
(Bell rings)
Hey, kid. You know what?
The director wants to see a roll over.
Are you OK with that?
If you don't feel good, just abort
the shot. There's no shame in that.
You're doubling for the star.
You're not like a day player or anything.
And I got you 500 more, huh?
Of course, we split that.
Are you OK? Ready to go?
All right. Counting on you!
Excuse me, pal. You're new here.
Before I put you on camera,
you sign this contract.
It releases liability to the company
in case you die, get maimed
or seriously injured.
- And... action!
- All right, kid.
All right, that's a cut!
Oh, kid, that was fantastic!
Just fantastic!
OK. How you doin'? Are you all right?
You were good. That was perfect.
- You're a monkey.
- You're the monkey.
Hey, tell me one thing.
- I love you.
- Where should I put this?
- In the kitchen. Thank you.
Just be a second.
- Scary.
- (Boy laughs)
Hey, you want a toothpick?
- You want a glass of water?
- OK.
Thanks.
So you just moved to LA?
No, I've been here for a while.
- You're just new here?
- Mm-hm.
That's Benicio's father.
Where is he?
He's in prison.
Oh.
What do you do?
I drive.
Like a limo driver?
- No, like for movies.
- Oh.
You mean all the car chases and stuff?
Yeah.
Isn't that dangerous?
It's only part-time.
Mostly I work at a garage.
- Where?
- Reseda Boulevard.
I gotta go.
OK.
- Thanks for the water.
- Say "bye".
(BENICIO) Bye!
- Mr Rose, your food, sir.
- OK.
Chicken chow mein
and some Peking duck.
Where are the chopsticks?
- You know, the guy just...
- Go get 'em. Go get 'em.
I don't want that. I don't want that.
You eat it.
Chopsticks and a fortune cookie.
Put out the fuckin'
cigarette! I'm eating.
Sorry.
- What's the matter with you?
- I'm just...
What happened to all the ashtrays
in this town?
You run a good business.
I don't know why you want to change.
You know how much my business made
last year? 30 grand.
I can build a car in six months
and in six seconds,
these jerks write it off as a stunt
that won't even make it into the movie.
See, all I need is a hard used stock car.
That's all.
I figure we start off with small
town circuit and work our way up.
Once we get to the show,
we're talking millions.
- The chopsticks, sir.
- Where's the cookies?
- Uh...
- Forget it. Forget it.
- So you still haven't given me a number.
- All right.
430,000 dollars.
Oh...
Mr Rose, I wouldn't come to you
unless I was absolutely sure about it.
How can you be sure, Shannon?
What do you got
that the big professional race teams don't?
- I got the driver.
- You said they had half a dozen drivers.
Not like this one. This kid is special.
Been working with him for a while.
I've never seen anything like it.
- If I had the money, I'd back him myself.
- Yeah, but you don't.
Mr Rose, you put this kid behind the wheel,
there's nothing he can't do.
There's money here. You can't lose.
Fuck you eating Chink food
in my restaurant?
What's a Jew doing running a pizzeria?
You remember Shannon.
Take a fuckin' hike!
I want to talk to my partner.
I'm just fuckin' with you.
How you doin', Shannon?
How's the fuckin' leg?
I paid my debt.
I'll think about it. OK?
But I want to meet the kid first.
That's all I ask.
I want you to meet somebody.
Don't say what you like about the car.
I want to drive the price down.
Kid, I want you to meet Mr Bernie Rose.
Nice to meet you.
My hands are a little dirty.
So are mine.
Good driving out there.
Thanks.
He's a good kid. So what do you think?
Do we get the 400?
I'll give you 300 for 70%.
Done.
Right. Good.
(Laughs) You won't be sorry!
- I'm Shannon.
- Hi, I'm Irene.
- How can I help you?
- It just broke down.
- Just like that? Want me to take a look?
- Yes, please.
All right. Uh... We got all our bays full.
Hey, pal, just drop it down here.
We'll push it in, all right?
We want to push her in to number three.
- The car, not you.
- Oh, good.
- Hi.
- Ah, you two know each other?
- Don't.
- Oh, look at that.
- We're neighbors.
Neighbors? Very good.
We'll try to be neighborly, too.
- You blinked.
- What?
- Can I call a cab from here?
- Yeah, sure.
What am I talking about?
You and the kid are neighbors, right?
- He can take you home.
- No, I'd feel bad.
No, don't even think twice about it.
He'd be happy to do it. He's a good guy.
He walked into my shop here
five or six years ago.
Right out of the blue, asking for a job.
So I put him to the test
to see what he could do.
- The kid's amazing.
- Yeah.
Sol hire him on the spot - boom!
At about half the wages I normally pay.
He didn't blink an eye.
Hey, kid!
Come over here for a second, will you?
And I have been exploiting him ever since.
(Both laugh)
Ssh, don't tell him.
It looks like we have a bigger problem
than I thought.
We're going to have to keep the car here
for a few days.
So I offered your services
to take BENICIO and Irene home.
Would that be OK?
- Yeah, sure.
- Yeah.
I don't have wheels... on my car.
OK.
- It's one thing you should know about me.
- Put the tires on.
- You got five minutes?
- Yeah.
Hey, do you want to see something?
Yeah.
OK.
That was good.
He had a good time.
Me, too.
Sorry if I put you on the spot
showing up like that.
It's OK.
I'm not doing anything this weekend.
If you want a ride or something.
(BENICIO giggles)
Don't worry about her bumps and bruises.
Fiberglass is easily replaceable.
Put a coat of paint on there,
some sponsor decals.
The tread on the tires is still good.
We're in business.
We paid 300 fucking grand
for this piece of shit?
(Bernie) I paid for it out of my
own pocket. This is just a shell.
The inside counts,
not the outside. Right?
Correct, sir.
Fuck that shit, I pay 300 for something,
I want everybody to fuckin' see it.
- Of course you do.
- Now this...
That is one motherfuckin', fine ass,
pussy mobile motherfucker!
Damn!
Shannon, sell him the car.
He wouldn't be able to find pussy
in a whorehouse.
You know what?
This car will even make you good-looking.
- I'm already good-looking, pal.
- How's it going?
When's our first race?
Pretty soon.
You gonna be ready?
- I hope so.
- "I hope so!"
Hey, no false modesty.
I got a lot of money in this.
Did Shannon ever tell you how we met?
I used to produce movies in the '803.
Kinda like action films, sexy stuff.
One critic called them European.
I thought they were shit.
Anyway, he arranged all the cars for me,
did all the stunts.
I liked having him around, even though
he overcharged the shit out of me.
His next business venture, he got involved
with some of Nino's friends.
They didn't go for the overcharging bit.
They broke his pelvis.
He's never had a lot of luck.
The reason I'm telling you this
is that he has a lot invested in you.
And so do I.
So anything you need, you call me.
We're a team now.
I'm excited.
Nino, let's get the fuck out of here!
(TV on)
- Is he a bad guy?
- Yeah.
How can you tell?
Because he... he's a shark.
- There's no good sharks?
- No.
- (Knock at door)
- I mean, just look at him.
Does he look like a good guy to you?
- Hi. How are you?
- Good.
This is Cindy.
Hi.
(Phone rings)
That was my husband's lawyer.
He's coming home in a week.
(Distant rock music playing)
You know, we're here celebrating,
but it's a shameful thing...
What I did.
And I have a lot of making up to do
to everyone.
But second chances are rare.
Right?
And that's worth celebrating, right?
So I want to make a toast...
to that lady right there.
Thanks for staying. I love you, Irene.
Salud!
Hey.
Hi.
Sorry about the noise.
I was going to call the cops.
I wish you would.
Oh, he's getting heavier.
- Hey. Done?
- I am.
Hey!
- How you doin'?
- Hi.
This guy's been telling me a lot about you.
Says you've been coming around,
helping out a lot?
Yeah, helping out? Is that right?
- Is that right?
- Mm-hm.
That's very nice. That's nice of you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You drive for the movies?
Yeah.
- I can take that.
- No, no, I got it.
Let Mommy talk to her friend.
Come on.
Have a good night.
You're Shannon's buddy, right?
We met last year.
You drove me and my brother back
from Palm Springs.
We hired another wheelman.
I spent six months in jail.
My brother, he got himself killed.
- I got this sweet job coming up.
- How about this?
Shut your mouth or I'll kick your teeth
down your throat and I'll shut it for you.
Nice seeing you again.
Come on. It's OK.
Come here.
Don't be scared.
Don't tell Mommy, OK?
It's a secret between the boys.
Oh, fuck me.
(TV on)
Who were they?
(Laughs) What the fuck are you gonna do?
Beat 'em up for me?
Huh, stunt guy?
Why the fuck do you wanna know
who they are?
Huh?
There are some guys that want me to do
a job for 'em and I'm not gonna do it.
That's who they are.
What's the job?
They want me to rob a pawn shop
in the Valley.
Why?
Cos I owe 'em some protection money
from when I was inside. It's 2,000 bucks.
But as soon as I got out,
oh, it's 5,000 bucks.
No, actually, it's 10,000 dollars,
20,000 dollars.
Tomorrow, I don't know
what the fuck it's gonna be!
What are you gonna do?
That's a really good question.
They said they were gonna come
after BENICIO and Irene next.
Are you OK?
You want something to drink?
What's that you got there?
Can I see?
One of those men gave you that?
Mm-hm.
He told me not to lose it.
You want me to keep that for you?
OK.
How's Benice?
Good.
- You just saying that?
- No.
What do you mean?
I saw that Standard...
was in an accident?
Yeah.
What happened?
He got beat up.
Mm-hm.
Why?
Just drunk kids.
You should come over.
You should come and see him.
You want to hear a story? Do you want
to hear how Mommy and me met?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
OK.
We were at a party.
- She was 19 years old.
- 17.
- You weren't 17?
- I was.
- Wow! So it was illegal?
- Yeah.
All right. So I illegally walked over
to a 17-year-old girl.
And I walk up and I say, "Hello, miss.
"What is your name?"
And she doesn't say anything. Then I said,
"Well, my name is Standard Gabriel.“
Then what did you say?
I said...
"Where is the de-luxe version?"
(Standard laughs)
She's good, man.
Sharp.
Oh, man, it killed me.
Then a year later, you popped out, man.
It was the best day of my life.
(Turns ignition on)
If I drive for you, you get your money.
You tell me where we start,
where we're going,
where we're going afterwards.
I give you five minutes when we get there.
Anything happens in that five minutes
and I'm yours.
Anything a minute either side of that
and you're on your own.
I don't sit in while you're running
it down. I don't carry a gun. I drive.
You look like you're hard to work with.
- Not if we understand each other.
- What's to understand?
I can't do this thing alone.
- You got Blanche.
- Come on, man.
She's beautiful. Look at her.
What the fuck
you rollin' your eyes at for?
Get the fuck out of here. Get up!
Standard, take her with you
and go get her a fucking Coke!
OK, here's the deal.
This much for Blanche...
This much for that asshole,
minus what he owes me.
And this much... for you.
You still interested?
Good. Anything else?
When you get your money, his debt's paid.
He's out for good
and you never go near his family again.
You understand?
I'm here with my family
and my new friend.
And...
Toast to the future.
To our future.
Hey.
I'll see you in five minutes.
I'll see you in four.
(Car approaching)
(Gunshot)
(Gasps)
(Gunshots)
Shit!
Oh, my God!
(Horn blares)
God!
Oh!
How much did Cook say
we were gonna get?
Forty grand.
Stay here.
(Phone keypad beeps)
(Murmur of police radios)
(Woman) When was the last time
you saw your husband?
Can you answer the question?
Ma'am?
(Phone ringing)
Hello?
BENICIO? Is that you?
Yeah.
- Hey.
- Uhh... hi.
Is your mother there?
Uh, she's sitting down
talking to the police.
OK, just tell her
I'm going to call her back, OK?
OK. Bye.
In related news,
an attempted robbery turned tragic today
when the owner of a pawn shop
opened fire on an intruder, who died.
He has been identified as Standard Gabriel
of Echo Park, Los Angeles.
Other details are unclear,
but the owner told reporters
that Gabriel acted alone
and no money had been stolen.
In other news,
four high school athletes were arrested...
If he saw you take the money
and he saw you get in the car,
then why didn't he say anything?
I've no idea.
Did you have any idea
there would be a second car?
I already told you everything.
Now you just got
a little boy's father killed.
And you almost got us killed.
And now you're lying to me.
So how about this?
From now on, every word
out of your mouth is the truth.
(Cries)
Or I'm going to hurt you.
Do you understand?
Now what did Cook tell you?
He said there'd be another car
to hold us up,
but he didn't say anything about
all this money or anyone getting killed.
You were going to rip us off?
What's his real name?
He says it's Chris,
but I just call him Cook.
You're going to take me to him.
Right now.
- Do you understand?
- Yes.
(Sobs)
(Phone vibrates)
Ungh!
(Phone rings)
Easy, easy.
Ah.
What did you do with the cash?
- Cos I could keep it safe for you...
- Will you just stop?
This guy Cook. Does he have a real name?
Chris.
Maybe.
I'll ask Bernie, see if he knows him.
Jeez, I can't stop thinking about
what we could do with all that dough.
- Will you just stop?
- All right.
A lot of guys mess around
with married women,
but you're the only one I know
who robs a joint
just to pay back the husband. Crazy.
Don't worry about it. I'll take care of it.
- Where's Cook?
- He's in the dressing room.
- Where's that?
- It's over there.
Aargh! Aaargh!
Ram!
Whose money do I have?
Don't worry. They're gonna come get it.
No, no...!
- Call them.
- Somebody call Nino!
Do you remember this?
(Gags)
(Phone ringing)
Hello?
Nino?
No, sorry, pal. Why don't you
call back later? We're closed.
I think Nino would be upset
that you made him wait.
Can I ask what this is about?
- I have something of his.
- And that would be?
A million dollars.
Please hold.
(Nino) You got something
that fucking belongs to me?
It seems that way.
And you're calling me?
Why?
You expect me to buy my own shit back?
I'm not selling it.
I'm going to give you a time and a place
and you'll come and get it. Understand?
And what do you get out of it?
Just that. Out of it.
And your partners are happy with that?
I don't have any partners.
You discuss this with anybody else?
No, just you.
You're not very good at this, are you?
(Hangs up)
Go check out who this fucking guy is.
(Knock at door)
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Can't talk. I have to go.
Can I just walk with you for...?
Yeah.
I have to tell you something.
Standard was into some...
guys in prison for a lot of money.
And they were going to hurt you
and BENICIO if he didn't pay it.
He asked me for my help.
Everything went wrong.
I'm sorry.
I've still got the money.
You could have it if you wanted to.
You could take BENICIO and...
I just thought
you could get out of here if you wanted.
I could come with you.
I could look out for you.
(Door opens)
Sorry.
Wrong floor.
They came to my apartment, Shannon.
How do they know where I live?
I told you I was gonna call Bernie.
I just wanted him to know
that you're not interested in the money.
That you just did it for the girl.
What did you say?
- What did you fucking say about Irene?
- Calm down!
- You told them about Irene!
- Calm down, kid! Calm down.
- I should fucking kill you!
- Listen, I just wanted him to know
that as soon as you returned the money,
that was the end of it. That's all.
How was I supposed to know that?!
OK? Let me just talk to Bernie.
- OK?
- Why have you got to fuck everything up?
How was I supposed to know
everything led to Nino?!
They're going to come looking for me
and they're going to come for you.
Do you understand?
You gotta get out of here
and you gotta get out now.
- Listen to me, Shannon.
- Oh, God...
Listen. You get out of here
and you never fucking come back.
You never come back.
What are you gonna do?
I already gave you my advice.
You should have taken the money
and left the guy alone.
- It's not that simple, Bernie.
- Not now it's bounced up in your face!
I owe you this guy. I'll get rid of him.
Shut the fuck up,
you fucking monkey.
The money belongs to some half-assed
wiseguy out of Philly.
I got tipped off he was stashing
a million bucks in a pawn shop.
He was gonna set up a rival operation.
So you stole from the East Coast mob?
No, I stole from some jumped-up punk
who was trying to step on our action.
Then why didn't you come to me
before you set up this dummy robbery?
- Before you hire this piece of shit.
- This is off to the side.
- I didn't want to involve you.
- Well, I'm involved now!
I'm gonna tell you something.
Anybody,
anybody finds out you stole
from the family, we're both dead.
What fucking family?!
The family who still
calls me a fuckin' kike?
To my face!
I'm 59 years old, Bernie! They still
pinch my cheek like I'm some fucking kid!
- Family.
- The money always flows up, Izzy.
You know that.
That's why this driver's gotta go, Bernie.
Gotta go. And your pal, Shannon.
These are the only two guys
who can tie me to this robbery.
Aaaargh!
Now it's your turn to clean up after me.
All these priceless cars.
One would think you'd have better locks.
- My door's always open to you.
- Going somewhere?
Ah...
- Thinking about it.
- I'm looking for your driver.
You break in here, I figure it's bad news.
No, Shannon. It's bad luck.
Two thousand heists a year in this city,
he has to pick the wrong one.
- He tried to put it right.
- He picked the wrong guy for that, too.
My partner is a belligerent asshole
with his back against the wall.
Right now, so am I.
If I don't set this
straight, I'm in big trouble.
Any idea where he might be?
Mexico.
Or maybe it was Belize.
Really?
I was getting excited
about this whole thing.
My name on a car!
I mean, look how beautiful!
I wanted to see my name on this thing.
I think we would have
made a go at this business.
- Ah!
- Don't worry. Don't worry, that's it.
It's done. There's no pain.
It's over, it's over.
(Engine revs)
What the fuck was that?
- Let's get outta here.
- Yeah.
(Engine revs)
(Door alarm pings)
(Breathes heavily)
(Bernie) Hello?
You know the story
about the scorpion and the frog?
Your friend Nino didn't make it
across the river.
I think this has gone on long enough.
You see any reason for it to continue?
What do you say we meet?
Why?
Well, you, me and your girlfriend
are the only players left.
How's that for a reason?
When?
Tomorrow.
There's a place on Sherman Way.
It's a restaurant called The Great Wall.
Do you know it?
(Driver) Can I talk to you?
I won't keep you long.
I have to go somewhere
and I don't think I can come back.
But I just wanted you to know
getting to be around you and BENICIO,
it was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
Did you bring the money?
Here's what I'm prepared to offer.
You give me the money, the girl is safe.
Forever. Nobody knows about her.
She's off the map.
I can't offer you the same.
So this is what I would suggest.
We conclude our deal, we'll shake hands.
You start the rest of your life.
Any dreams you have,
or plans, or hopes for your future,
I think you're gonna have to
put that on hold.
For the rest of your life,
you'll be looking over your shoulder.
I'm just telling you this
because I want you to know the truth.
But the girl is safe.
Where's the money now?
It's in the car.
Come on.
Ungh!